Source code for the Embed Inc scripting system and the ESCR program.


Introduction

  The Embed scripting system is a set of routines that can be used by
  applications to execute scripts as a interpreter.  These routines are
  available to applications in the escr.lib linkable library.  The
  interface to these routines is defined in the escr.ins.pas Pascal
  include file, or the escr.h C include file, which is automatically
  derived from the Pascal version.

  Any one use of the scripting system runs in one of two high level modes:
  script and pre-processor.

  In script mode, the system is purely a interpreter.  It "runs" a source
  stream given to it.  All content of the input stream is the interpreted
  language source code.

  In pre-processor mode, the purpose is assumed to be processing the input
  stream to produce a (possibly) modified output.  The input stream
  contains data that is copied to the output, and script source code that
  is not copied to the output.

  Script source code contains commands and functions.  Commands are on
  lines   by themselves, and start with a command keyword, which is
  possibly followed by parameters.  Functions are sequences of characters
  identified by a special syntax.  Executing a function results in a
  expansion string. The function is replaced by its expansion string
  before most other processing is performed on that input stream line.
  Functions can be used to supply parameters to commands, and can appear
  within data in pre-processor mode.

  The application can customize some aspects of the script syntax, and add
  its own commands, functions, and other symbols.

  The ESCR program is a thin layer above this library, and is a
  stand-alone   script interpreter.  It runs a source file in script mode,
  using the default ESCR syntax rules, commands, functions, etc.


Examples

  prime.es

    ESCR source file that computes prime numbers.  The start and end range
    to find prime numbers in can be set with the integer values "start"
    and "end".  See the header comment for details.

  fib.es

    ESCR source file that generates numbers in a Fibbonacci series.
